1. collate icons: html, css, react, material-ui, github, typescript, java, javascript...
2. decide on projects to add: road rescue, 
3. add footer component
4. observe, emulate from video
5. produce compelling copy of career
6. add detailed description on each project page
7. blog

logo animation across the screen reveals the page title
logo disappears, title remains

appear on scroll

add contact form and email address

watch image size and quality

easy access to resume


TODAY

2. MIMIC ALEJANDRO / KARAN
3. CREATE PAGE PROGRAMATICALLY OFF PROJECT CLICKED



Hero.

Helping people and learning new things give me drive.
I have a love hate relationship with coffee



ABOUT ME
before
I first became interested inn web development in 2015.
At that time, I found some resources on the internet here
and there. I was not able to make heads or tails out of 
any of it. I went back to work and forgot a bout it. 
After some time, I heard about Scrimba Frontend Career
Path and regained interest. 

present
Now, all I love to do is code. I have the ability to bring
projects to life through planning and shear will. That brings
me a lot of fulfillment. Being a part of a project, a dream
to help people. Getting it done and then moving on to the next
one. It all makes me jump out of bed in the morning :)

In the future I hope to be able to collaborate with many more
people and learn so much more. I have learnt to keep my eyes
open to any opprtunities to learn something new while keeping
a close eye on thing already learnt. In programming things 
change quickly. You have to stay on your toes. I like that.


BLOG: ABOUT WHAT CHALLENGES YOU FACE IN DEVELOPMENT/SOLN

CREATE POSTS IN A CLICKABLE DIV

TITLE
DATE
DESCRIPTION



PROJECT

IMAGE
TITLE
STACK USED
DESCRIBE

{
id: 1,
title: "Road Rescue and Maintenance Company",
description: "A solo project designed and developed by me. Through in depth engagement with the company CEO, I was able to ascertain what the vision the company had in mind. React was used because of its client side rendering to boost performance",

stack: ["React", "Javascript", "CSS3", "Material UI"]
}


control the state of two links on the same page using state
set the clicked one to true and other to false
identify the clicked by passing its id to the function
if home is true, contact is false
if contact is true, home is false












